# Architecture-of-a-small-and-simple-cloud-computation-scenario.
Suppose there are four computers, viz., M1– M4, as shown in Fig. 1. M1 acts as an End-Client which can send service requests to M2 which acts as the Service Coordination Server (SCS). The service request sent by the client is actually a computation service request where some mathematical computation is requested on some data. However, the input data is not sent by the client machine rather; it’s service request includes some data-ID which uniquely identifies some data. The SCS has access to M3 acting as a Compute Server and M4 acting as a Data Server. All data are kept at the data server, each individual data uniquely identified by it’s data-ID (for example data kept in a file in tabular format where each row of the table is an individual data identified by the unique row-id). The compute server can perform a limited set of mathematical computations. Each of these computations take data as input which should be in the same format as that of the individual data kept in the data server. The SCS, after receiving the service request from the client, first retrieves the required data from the data server and then sends the appropriate computation request along with the input data to the compute server. When compute server returns back the result, the SCS forwards it to the client back.
The above described scenario should implement on four inter-connected machines and should be implemented as a separate C/C++ Program running in one of the four machines.
All of the four programs are written as application programs which take the services of the transport layer of the UNIX networking stack to implement inter-program communications.
There are three different inter-program (and inter-computer also) communications, viz. 
i) between Client Program and SCS Program.
ii) between SCS Program and Data Server Program. and 
iii) between SCS Program and Compute Server Program.
Your codes should also be capable of handling possible error situations – e.g., ‘data-ID not found error’, ‘invalid service request error’ and ‘communication failure error’ etc.
